# Name: NaiOp

## Menu
#menu.border.color: #b5aa99

menu.title.bg: Flat Border Gradient Vertical
menu.title.bg.color: #589bda
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #3c7cb7
menu.title.bg.border.color: #7cb6ec
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff
menu.title.text.justify: Center

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #fcfbfa
menu.items.text.color: #000000
menu.items.disable.text.color: #b5b3ac

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
menu.items.active.bg.color: #5c9edb
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #4489ca
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff


## Window active
window.active.title.bg: Flat
window.active.title.bg.color: #000000
window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #FFFFFF
window.active.handle.bg: Flat Solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #000000

window.active.border.color: #000000

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #000000
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #A80CC7
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #000000
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #777777

window.active.button.toggled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.active.button.toggled.bg.color: #000000
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #FFFFFF


## Window inactive
window.inactive.border.color: #222222

window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #222222
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #222222
window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #777777

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #222222
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #222222
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #222222
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #222222

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: Flat Vertical
window.inactive.button.toggled.bg.color: #222222
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative



## Everything else
border.width: 2
padding.width: 5
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
border.color: #1f252b
menu.overlap: 0

## Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:
window.inactive.label.text.font:
menu.items.font:
menu.title.text.font:
